DOCSP-31089: Improve bulk operation examples (#438)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/bulk.txt

------------------

The ``bulkWrite()`` method accepts an optional ``BulkWriteOptions`` as

> a second parameter to specify the execution of the bulk operations as
> ordered or unordered. 

Reviewer: S:

```suggestion
a second parameter to specify whether the execution of the bulk operations is
ordered or unordered. 
```

The following example performs these bulk operations:

> - An insert operation for a document where the ``name`` is ``"Zaynab Omar"`` and the
>   ``age`` is ``37``
> - A replace operation for a document where the ``_id`` is ``1`` with a new document
>   that contains the ``location`` field
> - An update operation for a document where the ``name`` is ``"Zaynab Omar"`` to change the ``name``
>   field to ``"Zaynab Hassan"``
> - A delete operation for all documents that have an ``age`` value greater than ``50``

Reviewer: S: suggestion for clarity/syntax (didn't include it here, but also a good idea to specify which document changing instead of just "a document"--e.g., "updates the first matching document...")

```suggestion
- An operation that inserts a document where the ``name`` is ``"Zaynab Omar"`` and the
  ``age`` is ``37``
- An operation that replaces the document where the ``_id`` is ``1`` with a new document
  that contains the ``location`` field
- An operation that updates a document where the ``name`` is ``"Zaynab Omar"`` to change the ``name``
  field to ``"Zaynab Hassan"``
- An operation that deletes all documents where the ``age`` value is greater than ``50``
```
